<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [registerEntry][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
-   [deleteEntry][3]
    -   [Parameters][4]
-   [renameEntry][5]
    -   [Parameters][6]

## registerEntry

Add a new kepler.gl instance in `keplerGlReducer`. This action is called under-the-hood when a `KeplerGl` component is **mounted** to the dom.
Note that if you dispatch actions such as adding data to a kepler.gl instance before the React component is mounted, the action will not be
performed. Instance reducer can only handle actions when it is instantiated.

### Parameters

-   `payload` **[Object][7]** 
    -   `payload.id` **[string][8]** **\*required** The id of the instance
    -   `payload.mint` **[boolean][9]** Whether to use a fresh empty state, when `mint: true` it will _always_ load a fresh state when the component is re-mounted.
        When `mint: false` it will register with existing instance state under the same `id`, when the component is unmounted then mounted again. Default: `true`
    -   `payload.mapboxApiAccessToken` **[string][8]** mapboxApiAccessToken to be saved in `map-style` reducer.

## deleteEntry

Delete an instance from `keplerGlReducer`. This action is called under-the-hood when a `KeplerGl` component is **un-mounted** to the dom.
If `mint` is set to be `true` in the component prop, the instance state will be deleted from the root reducer. Otherwise, the root reducer will keep
the instance state and later transfer it to a newly mounted component with the same `id`

### Parameters

-   `id` **[string][8]** the id of the instance to be deleted

## renameEntry

Rename an instance in the root reducer, keep its entire state

### Parameters

-   `oldId` **[string][8]** **\*required** old id
-   `newId` **[string][8]** **\*required** new id

[1]: #registerentry

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #deleteentry

[4]: #parameters-1

[5]: #renameentry

[6]: #parameters-2

[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[9]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean
